NAMESPACE         NAME                                   READY     STATUS             RESTARTS   AGE       IP              NODE
default           docker-registry-1-92nnw                1/1       Running            0          1d        10.1.6.8        infranode1.rdu19.internal
default           docker-registry-1-llnzm                1/1       Running            0          1d        10.1.8.9        infranode2.rdu19.internal
default           registry-console-1-svs26               1/1       Running            16         2d        10.1.10.9       node1.rdu19.internal
default           router-1-1hn2s                         1/1       Running            1          2d        192.199.0.88    infranode2.rdu19.internal
default           router-1-fj18g                         1/1       Running            1          2d        192.199.0.198   infranode1.rdu19.internal
fancypants-dev    hello-openshift-1-qrjj9                1/1       Running            0          1d        10.1.12.12      node2.rdu19.internal
fancypants-dev    shelly-1-lpvl1                         1/1       Running            0          1d        10.1.12.16      node2.rdu19.internal
logging           logging-curator-1-dl680                1/1       Running            28         3h        10.1.8.12       infranode2.rdu19.internal
logging           logging-es-ml82oxr7-1-pm1r7            0/1       CrashLoopBackOff   297        1d        10.1.12.18      node2.rdu19.internal
logging           logging-fluentd-1q0v7                  1/1       Running            0          3h        10.1.4.5        master2.rdu19.internal
logging           logging-fluentd-44tmt                  1/1       Running            0          3h        10.1.6.12       infranode1.rdu19.internal
logging           logging-fluentd-f0m9s                  1/1       Running            0          3h        10.1.2.5        master3.rdu19.internal
logging           logging-fluentd-frn6l                  1/1       Running            0          3h        10.1.0.5        master1.rdu19.internal
logging           logging-fluentd-pfvhj                  1/1       Running            0          3h        10.1.8.13       infranode2.rdu19.internal
logging           logging-fluentd-qpd51                  1/1       Running            0          3h        10.1.12.23      node2.rdu19.internal
logging           logging-fluentd-w9pz9                  1/1       Running            0          3h        10.1.10.20      node1.rdu19.internal
logging           logging-fluentd-z2rd7                  1/1       Running            0          3h        10.1.14.24      node3.rdu19.internal
logging           logging-kibana-1-bkk03                 2/2       Running            10         2d        10.1.8.7        infranode2.rdu19.internal
openshift-infra   hawkular-cassandra-1-bxbn3             1/1       Running            0          3h        10.1.12.22      node2.rdu19.internal
openshift-infra   hawkular-metrics-b7bv1                 1/1       Running            0          3h        10.1.14.23      node3.rdu19.internal
openshift-infra   heapster-djfw3                         1/1       Running            0          3h        10.1.6.11       infranode1.rdu19.internal
paymentapp-dev    sinatra-1-build                        0/1       Completed          0          21h       10.1.10.14      node1.rdu19.internal
paymentapp-dev    sinatra-1-dj2cp                        1/1       Running            0          21h       10.1.10.15      node1.rdu19.internal
paymentapp-prod   centos-root-docker-example-1-build     0/1       Completed          0          21h       10.1.12.20      node2.rdu19.internal
paymentapp-prod   centos-root-docker-example-1-kmv06     1/1       Running            0          21h       10.1.12.21      node2.rdu19.internal
paymentapp-test   sinatra-1-m3m2d                        1/1       Running            0          21h       10.1.14.22      node3.rdu19.internal
pizzaparty-dev    hello-openshift-1-wl1hl                1/1       Running            0          1d        10.1.14.9       node3.rdu19.internal
pizzaparty-dev    shelly-1-x4jcg                         1/1       Running            0          1d        10.1.12.13      node2.rdu19.internal
projecta          cakephp-ex-1-0kdx4                     1/1       Running            0          7m        10.1.14.32      node3.rdu19.internal
projecta          cakephp-ex-1-34r76                     1/1       Running            0          7m        10.1.12.27      node2.rdu19.internal
projecta          cakephp-ex-1-9bhbz                     1/1       Running            0          7m        10.1.14.31      node3.rdu19.internal
projecta          cakephp-ex-1-build                     0/1       Completed          0          8m        10.1.10.21      node1.rdu19.internal
projecta          cakephp-ex-1-jl5f4                     1/1       Running            0          7m        10.1.10.28      node1.rdu19.internal
projecta          cakephp-ex-1-pd1w5                     1/1       Running            0          7m        10.1.10.27      node1.rdu19.internal
projectb          hello-openshift-1-14d00                1/1       Running            0          8m        10.1.10.23      node1.rdu19.internal
projectb          hello-openshift-1-2x26n                1/1       Running            0          8m        10.1.12.25      node2.rdu19.internal
projectb          hello-openshift-1-jf6bk                1/1       Running            0          8m        10.1.12.24      node2.rdu19.internal
projectb          hello-openshift-1-kgf38                1/1       Running            0          8m        10.1.14.27      node3.rdu19.internal
projectb          hello-openshift-1-sbmhw                1/1       Running            0          8m        10.1.14.26      node3.rdu19.internal
projectc          simple-openshift-sinatra-sti-1-0cl5x   1/1       Running            0          7m        10.1.14.30      node3.rdu19.internal
projectc          simple-openshift-sinatra-sti-1-7n7mr   1/1       Running            0          7m        10.1.10.25      node1.rdu19.internal
projectc          simple-openshift-sinatra-sti-1-build   0/1       Completed          0          8m        10.1.10.22      node1.rdu19.internal
projectc          simple-openshift-sinatra-sti-1-l3310   1/1       Running            0          7m        10.1.10.26      node1.rdu19.internal
projectc          simple-openshift-sinatra-sti-1-x7mkw   1/1       Running            0          7m        10.1.14.29      node3.rdu19.internal
projectc          simple-openshift-sinatra-sti-1-zhszz   1/1       Running            0          7m        10.1.12.26      node2.rdu19.internal
servicelayer      hello-openshift-1-2n0bd                1/1       Running            0          1d        10.1.14.15      node3.rdu19.internal
servicelayer      hello-openshift-1-2rf7x                1/1       Running            0          1d        10.1.10.11      node1.rdu19.internal
servicelayer      hello-openshift-1-f7hww                1/1       Running            0          1d        10.1.14.16      node3.rdu19.internal
servicelayer      hello-openshift-1-hs34s                1/1       Running            0          1d        10.1.12.17      node2.rdu19.internal
